README.md, before:

quote-file
==========

Amusing and inspiring quotes

Favorite quotes
---------------

These are some of my favorite quotes of all time.

> Free software isn't free, but expensive software is expensive.

I heard that at [Usenix](https://www.usenix.org/) in San Antonio and I've used it as my email signature for several years.

> The great thing about standards is there are so many to choose from.

I say this every week it seems.  It applies to so many areas of technology.
Thankfully the same idea has now been immortalized by [xkdc](http://xkcd.com/927/).


Good quotes
-----------

> Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.

- Thomas A. Edison


> Some­times a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it’s wrong.

- [Prof. E.O. Wilson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._O._Wilson)


> I think it’s intoxicating when somebody is so unapologetically who they are.

- Don Cheadle


> You are so brave and quiet I forget you are suffering.

- Ernest Hemingway


> Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.

- Pablo Picasso


> Seven blunders of the world that lead to violence: wealth without work, pleasure without conscience, knowledge without character, commerce without morality, science without humanity, worship without sacrifice, politics without principle.

- Mahatma Gandhi


Technology quotes
-----------------

> Q: What is the best platform for running Oracle?

> A: A PowerPoint presentation!

The answer used to be a "slide projector", but nobody knows what that is anymore.

> Awfluence

Christine H's name for <A href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confluence_(software)">Confluence</a>

Funny quotes
------------

> If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.

- [Jack Handey](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Handey) ([video](https://screen.yahoo.com/deep-thoughts-trees-000000989.html))

OpenX quotes
------------

During my days at OpenX we often said:

> We do it to ourselves.

and

> Tested in Production

Kelly even had brandy snifters printed up with "Tested in Production" etched on them.  Many lol's and toasts ensued.

Rhonda quotes
-------------

My cousin Rhonda is full of amusing quotes, often with a rustic ring.

> If it was easy anybody could do it.

We know these people
--------------------

> Great minds think alot.

LICENSE
-------
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.

Commit message:

Bertrand Russell is such a renaissance man! :crossed_flags: :bullettrai_side:

README.md, after:

quote-file
==========

Amusing and inspiring quotes

Favorite quotes
---------------

These are some of my favorite quotes of all time.

> Free software isn't free, but expensive software is expensive.

I heard that at [Usenix](https://www.usenix.org/) in San Antonio and I've used it as my email signature for several years.

> The great thing about standards is there are so many to choose from.

I say this every week it seems.  It applies to so many areas of technology.
Thankfully the same idea has now been immortalized by [xkdc](http://xkcd.com/927/).


Good quotes
-----------

> Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.

- Thomas A. Edison


> Some­times a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it’s wrong.

- [Prof. E.O. Wilson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._O._Wilson)


> I think it’s intoxicating when somebody is so unapologetically who they are.

- Don Cheadle


> You are so brave and quiet I forget you are suffering.

- Ernest Hemingway


> Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.

- Pablo Picasso


> Seven blunders of the world that lead to violence: wealth without work, pleasure without conscience, knowledge without character, commerce without morality, science without humanity, worship without sacrifice, politics without principle.

- Mahatma Gandhi


Technology quotes
-----------------

> Q: What is the best platform for running Oracle?

> A: A PowerPoint presentation!

The answer used to be a "slide projector", but nobody knows what that is anymore.

> Awfluence

Christine H's name for <A href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confluence_(software)">Confluence</a>

Funny quotes
------------

> If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.

- [Jack Handey](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Handey) ([video](https://screen.yahoo.com/deep-thoughts-trees-000000989.html))

> The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.

— Bertrand Russell

OpenX quotes
------------

During my days at OpenX we often said:

> We do it to ourselves.

and

> Tested in Production

Kelly even had brandy snifters printed up with "Tested in Production" etched on them.  Many lol's and toasts ensued.

Rhonda quotes
-------------

My cousin Rhonda is full of amusing quotes, often with a rustic ring.

> If it was easy anybody could do it.

We know these people
--------------------

> Great minds think alot.

LICENSE
-------
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.
